New documentation structure (#362)
exasol/virtual-schemas: README.md

This means an user familiar with SQL will immediately feel at home when accessing remote data through Virtual Schemas.

Virtual Schemas can be also described in known terms as `External Tables` or `Foreign Data Wrapper (FDW)`.

> This repository contains Virtual Schema adapters for different external data sources.
> Each of these adapters translates between the Exasol SQL dialect and the SQL dialect of the external data source.

Author: ```suggestion
```

This means an user familiar with SQL will immediately feel at home when accessing remote data through Virtual Schemas.

> Other databases vendors offer similar features and refer to them as `External Tables` or `Foreign Data Wrapper (FDW)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Virtual Schemas can be also described in known terms as `External Tables` or `Foreign Data Wrapper (FDW)`.
```

Reviewer: Or something like this

This repository contains Virtual Schema adapters for different external data sources.

> Each of these adapters translates between the Exasol SQL dialect and the SQL dialect of the external data source.

Reviewer: These two sentences look redundant to me.  The line 23 has the same information

Author: I tried to introduce the ther `Virtual Schema adapter` here. To make a difference between `Virtual schema `and `Virtual Schema adapter`

> 

Reviewer: Leave only one empty line between text and the header

* Allows redirecting log output to a remote machine
* Allows remote debugging with the Java Debugger

## Limitations

* Supports only read access to the external data

> * The Virtual Schema adapter takes about 1s for startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Virtual Schema adapter takes about 1s to start.
```

## Information for Users

* [Getting started with Virtual Schemas](https://docs.exasol.com/database_concepts/virtual_schemas.htm)
* [List of Supported Dialect](doc/user-guide/dialects.md)

Additional resources:

> * [Adapter Properties Reference](doc/user-guide/adapter_properties.md)

Reviewer: Let's rename it to `Virtual Schema's Properties` and rename the file itself too. Adapter sounds too misleading
